[Text_1.jpg]:
h)

cash inflows that are largely independent of those from
other assets or groups of assets. When the carrying
amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written
down to its recoverable amount.

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using
a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset. In determining fair value less costs
of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into
account. If no such transactions can be identified, an
appropriate valuation model is used. These calculations
are corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share
prices for publicly traded companies or other available
fair value indicators.

The Company bases its impairment calculation on
detailed budgets and forecast calculations, which are
prepared separately for each of the Company's CGUs to
which the individual assets are allocated. These budgets
and forecast calculations generally cover a period of five
years, For longer periods, a long-term growth rate is
calculated and applied to project future cash flows after
the fifth year. To estimate cash flow projections beyond
periods covered by the most recent budgets/forecasts,
the Company extrapolates cash flow projections in
the budget using a steady or declining growth rate for
subsequent years, unless an increasing rate can be
justified. In any case, this growth rate does not exceed
the long-term average growth rate for the products,
industries, or country or countries in which the Company
operates, or for the market in which the asset is used.

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually and when
circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
be impaired. Impairment is determined for goodwill
by assessing the recoverable amount of each CGU
(or Company of CGUs) to which the goodwill relates.
When the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than
it's carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised.
Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be
reversed in future periods.

Leases
As a lessee

The Company's lease asset classes primarily consist of
leases for land and buildings. The Company assesses
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception of a
contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To

[Text_2.jpg]:
assess whether a contract conveys the right to control
the use of an identified asset, the Company assesses
whether:

(i) The contract involves the use of an identified asset

(ii) The Company has substantially all of the economic
benefits from use of the asset through the period of
the lease and

(iii), The Company has the right to direct the use of the
asset.

Initial Recognition

The Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (ROU
asset) and a lease liability at the lease commencement
date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost,
which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability
adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the
commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred
and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the
underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or
the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives
received.

Certain lease arrangements includes the options to
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the lease
term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes these
options when it is reasonably certain that they will be
exercised.

Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities for short term leases that
have a lease term of less than 12 months. The Company
recognises the lease payments associated with these
leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the
lease term.

Lease Modification

A lease modification is accounted as a separate lease
if the modification increases the scope of the lease by
adding the right-of-use one or more underlying assets
and the consideration for the lease increases by an
amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for
the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments
to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of
the particular contract. In calculating the present value
of lease payments, the Company uses its incremental
borrowing rate at the lease commencement date
because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not
readily determinable.
