[Text_1.jpg]:
Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant
and equipment outstanding at each Balance Sheet date
is classified as capital advances under other non-current
assets and the cost of assets not ready to use before
such date are disclosed under ‘Capital work-in-progress’.

The cost and related accumulated depreciation are
eliminated from the standalone financial statements
upon sale or retirement of the asset and the resultant
gains or losses are recognized in the Statement of Profit
and Loss.

Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant
and equipment is recognized in the Statement of Profit
or Loss.

Depreciation

Depreciation is calculated on cost of items of property,
plant and equipment less their estimated residual values
over their estimated useful lives using the written down
value method and is recognized in the Statement of
Profit and Loss. Depreciation is not recorded on capital
working-progress until construction and installation is
completed and assets are ready for its intended use.

The estimated useful lives of items of property, plant and

equipment for the current and comparative periods are
ae faliavwse:

[Text_2.jpg]:
The Company, based on technical assessment made by
technical expert and management estimate, depreciates
certain items of building, plant and equipment over
estimated useful lives which are different from the useful
life prescribed in Schedule || to the Companies Act,
2013. The management believes that these estimated
useful lives are realistic and reflect fair approximation of
the period over which the assets are likely to be used.

Depreciation on additions (disposals) is provided on a
pro-rata basis i.e. from (upto) the date on which asset is
ready for use (disposed of).

[Text_3.jpg]:
Intangible assets
Initial recognition and measurement

Intangible assets acquired separately are stated at cost
of acquisition net of recoverable taxes, accumulated
amortization and impairment losses, if any. Such costs
include purchase price, borrowing cost, and any cost
directly attributable to bringing the asset to its working
condition for the intended use, net charges on foreign
exchange contracts and adjustments arising from
exchange rate variations attributable to the intangible
assets.

Research costs are expensed as incurred. Software
product development costs are expensed as incurred
unless technical and commercial feasibility of the project
is demonstrated, future economic benefits are probable,
the Company has an intention and ability to complete
and use or sell the software, and the costs can be
measured reliably. The costs which can be capitalized
include the cost of material, direct labour and overhead
costs that are directly attributable to preparing the asset
for its intended use. During the period of development,
the asset is tested for impairment annually.

Amortization

Amortization is calculated to write off the cost of
intangible assets less their estimated residual values
over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
method and is included in depreciation and amortization
in Statement of Profit and Loss.

The estimated useful lives of items of intangible assets
for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

Asset Block Management estimate of useful life
Software 3 to 5 years

[Text_4.jpg]:
g)

Amortization metnod, uselul lives and residual values are
reviewed at the end of each financial year and adjusted
if appropriate.

Impairment of non-financial assets

The Company assesses, at each reporting date, whether
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired.
If any indication exists, or when annual impairment
testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates
the asset's recoverable amount. An asset's recoverable
amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-generating
unit's (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its
value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for
an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate

[Text_5.jpg]:
sO) |S
Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports Financial Statements oS Ls
26% Annual Renort 2
