[Text_1.jpg]:
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at
each reporting date, right from its initial recognition.
For recognition of impairment loss on other financial
assets and risk exposure, the Company determines
that whether there has been a significant increase in the
credit risk since initial recognition. If credit risk has not
increased significantly, 12-month ECL is used to provide
for impairment loss. However, if credit risk has increased
significantly, lifetime ECL is used. If in subsequent period,
credit quality of the instrument improves such that there
is no longer a significant increase in credit risk since
initial recognition, then the entity reverts to recognizing
impairment loss allowance based on 12 month ECL.
Lifetime ECLs are the expected credit losses resulting
from all possible default events over the expected life of
a financial instrument. The 12 month ECL is a portion of
the lifetime ECL which results from default events that
are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.

Measurement of expected Credit Losses

ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows
that are due to the Company in accordance with the
contract and all the cash flows that the entity expects to
receive (i.e. all shortfalls), discounted at the original EIR.
When estimating the cash flows, an entity is required to
consider:

« All contractual terms of the financial instrument
(including prepayment, extension etc.) over the
expected life of the financial instrument. However,
in rare cases when the expected life of the financial
instrument cannot be estimated reliably, then the
entity is required to use the remaining contractual
term of the financial instrument.

« Cash flows from the sale of collateral held or
other credit enhancements that are integral to the
contractual terms.

Presentation of allowance for expected credit losses
in the balance sheet

Loss allowances for financial assets measured at

amortized cost are deducted from the gross carrying
amount of the assets.

Write-off

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written
off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no
realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case
when the Company determines that the debtor does not
have assets or sources of income that could generate
sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the
write-off. However, financial assets that are written off
could still be subject to enforcement activities in order

[Text_2.jpg]:
(ii)

to comply with the Company's procedures for recovery
of amounts due.

Impairment of non-financial assets

At each reporting date, the Company reviews the
carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than
deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any
indication of impairment. If any such indication exists,
then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. For
impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the
smallest Company of assets that generates the cash
inflows from continuing use that are largely independent
of the cash inflows of other assets or Cash Generating
Units (‘CGU’). The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an
individual asset) is the higher of its value in use and its
fair value less costs to sell.

Value in use is based on the estimated future cash
flows, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
discount rate that reflects current market assessments
of time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU
(or the asset). Where it is not possible to estimate the
recoverable amount of the individual asset, the Company
estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which
the asset belongs. An impairment loss is recognized if
the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its
recoverable amount.

Impairment loss in respect of assets except goodwill
is reversed only to the extent that the assets carrying
amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined, net of depreciation or
amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized
in prior years. A reversal of impairment loss is recognized
immediately in the Statement of Profit or Loss.

Property, plant and equipment
Recognition and measurement

Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at
cost, which includes capitalized borrowing costs, less
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
losses, if any.

Cost of an item of property, plant and equipment
comprises its purchase price, including import duties and
non-refundable purchase taxes, after deducting trade
discounts and rebates, any directly attributable cost of
bringing the item to its working condition for its intended
use and estimated costs of dismantling and removing the
item and restoring the site on which it is located. Repairs
and maintenance costs are recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss when incurred.
